Hi guys, in this video we use this image
as a reference and using this model set
image found image and I've been gone to
generate a nice realistic photo like
this. Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing
first, open the gun.
Run it from the Nvidia GPU. Okay. Now
let's go here to template
and choose this mod
Z file unit.
Okay. To start using this model we have
to download those missing notes by
clicking right here. for those
you can download it restart download or
you can copy the URL and [snorts] add it
to the IDA
and okay and begin download
okay I already download those I download
those file okay
let's source
keep open it this one
this
and let's see the first one takes some
clean string of
let's go here to comei
choose model the place one those models
first one is the text encoder
Okay. Queen three.
Second one. Diffusion modus.
with the fusion models
that image t
modus
one
av
H
what is
okay? Final one model patches. Let's add
this patch
and this model clutches.
Okay,
let's add this one. Right head.
After adding with those smoothness, we
have to reload these pages and see.
Okay, it's fine.
Okay, this is the requirements that I
downloaded right now. The desktop
diffusion is via model patch. After
that, we have to load the image
and Z image turbo fan control the image.
Okay, for this control image you can use
pro for chat GPT
or you can use this uh default.
Let's use this default prompt for for
you can customize
and after that we can save the new
image.
Okay, let's choose head. Let's choose
this girl for example as image
and hit and let's see what's up
now to create this realistic
image from this
but I close previously using this uh
control image font it takes around 7
minutes
but uh we have nice result.